Add CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md combining Contributor Covenant v1.4 and Rust CoC (#35)
Rust-Cameroon/async-chat: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

# Code of Conduct

## Our Pledge

> In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as contributors, maintainers, and members of [async chat library], an async chat library built in Rust, pledge to make participation in our project and community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of experience, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, sexual identity and orientation, or other characteristics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as contributors, maintainers, and members of [async chat library](https://github.com/Rust-Cameroon/async-chat), an async chat library built in Rust, pledge to make participation in our project and community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of experience, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, sexual identity and orientation, or other characteristics.
```

## Our Responsibilities
Project maintainers are responsible for:
- Clarifying these standards of acceptable behavior.
- Taking appropriate and fair corrective action against unacceptable behavior.
- Removing, editing, or rejecting contributions (e.g., comments, commits, code, issues) that violate this Code of Conduct, with reasons provided when appropriate.
- Temporarily or permanently banning contributors for behavior deemed inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

Maintainers are held to a higher standard and must model exemplary conduct. Failure to enforce this Code in good faith may lead to repercussions determined by other project leaders.

## Scope
This Code of Conduct applies within all project spaces, including:
- The GitHub repository ([https://github.com/Rust-Cameroon/async-chat]), issues, pull requests, and discussions.
It also applies when an individual represents the project in public spaces, such as:
- Using an official project email address.
- Posting via an official social media account.
- Acting as an appointed representative at online or offline events.
Representation may be further defined by maintainers.

## Enforcement

> Instances of abusive, harassing, or unacceptable behavior may be reported to the project maintainers at [yemelechristian2@gmail.com],[abonghoderick@gmail.com] or via a private GitHub Issue/Discussion. All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly, with a response appropriate to the circumstances. Maintainers are obligated to maintain confidentiality regarding the reporter of any incident.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instances of abusive, harassing, or unacceptable behavior may be reported to this [email](inforustcameroon@gmail.com) or via a private GitHub Issue/Discussion. All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly, with a response appropriate to the circumstances. Maintainers are obligated to maintain confidentiality regarding the reporter of any incident.
```

And `abonghoderick` is not a maintainer

# Code of Conduct

## Our Pledge
<<<<<<< HEAD
In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as contributors, maintainers, and members of [async chat library], an async chat library built in Rust, pledge to make participation in our project and community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of experience, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, sexual identity and orientation, or other characteristics.
=======
In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as contributors, maintainers, and members of [async chat library](https://github.com/Rust-Cameroon/async-chat), an async chat library built in Rust, pledge to make participation in our project and community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of experience, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, sexual identity and orientation, or other characteristics.
>>>>>>> ea827d9 (Update CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md with latest changes)

> 

Reviewer 2: why do i see this conflicts lines in your doc. please remove them @StaySafe020
